hello everybody welcome to Tommy eats
today we're making an amazing mango
coconut dessert made with agar agar this
is great for everyone including our
vegan friends this is smooth tropical
summery on the same time you guys are
going to love this today I'm going to
show you how to make it and machine to
me giving you instructions I have the
most important job in the world so today
we will be using two cups of unsweetened
period mangoes seven tablespoons of
sugar and four teaspoons of powdered
agar agar for the mango portion we also
need a cup of coconut milk a tablespoon
of sugar and three tablespoons of agar
agar for the coconut we also need 1 cup
of water and we'll be dividing this into
two first to make the mango portion put
half a cup of water into a saucepan
along with 4 tablespoons of agar agar if
you quick mix and turn on the heat cook
and stir until the agar agar has
completely dissolved once that's done
add your sugar and continue cooking for
a couple minutes okay now we're going to
turn off the heat and add the mango
puree in small batches now I've got a
girl firms up quickly once the
temperature gets too low so we're going
to be adding the mango puree a little at
a time mix will to ensure the
ingredients are well combined so how
much longer oh it's time so let's pour
the mango mixture into the mode so now
let's get started with the coconut
flavor add the rest of your water and
agar agar into the saucepan heat while
stirring to ensure good consistency
okay can I do it please okay say
something I'll do something more than
just speaking now you have to make sure
stuck on something yes sir
add 8 tablespoons of sugar into the
saucepan then add your coconut milk in a
little at a time making sure to stir it
in between batches once that's all in
continue cooking for two more minutes
stirring constantly to ensure a nice and
smooth texture slowly pour the mixture
over the mango portion make sure that
the mango portion has firmed up somewhat
before this step this will help keep the
layers separate so hold your eat yet not
yet we have to review it at least three
hours oh right patience
so I guess I have to learn how to be a
little more patient oh my god I'm so
excited
beautiful yes it is look at that
hi smells awesome can't wait to eat it
please please please cut it right down
oh yummy yum yum yum yum
if only so she would cut faster if he
moves any slower I probably just dive in
with my entire face seriously
okay mango layer check coconut goodness
check I am so ready to take a bite
look at that mango and coconut layer
it's so beautiful it smells like you
just a dream
really
mmm
great great mm-hmm so I hope you guys
enjoyed this recipe please please give
it a thumbs up and share it comment and
subscribe to our Channel
make sure to check out all our other
videos right here on top of eats and if
you have any requests send them in as
well all right thanks so much for
watching and hope to see you guys get
here tomorrow bye bye